What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
I would avoid the sushi if I was you It’s a little fishy
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it’s tearable
Why did the cookie cry? Because his father was a wafer so long!
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop It was sole destroying
What do you call a belt with a watch on it? A waist of time
How do you organize an outer space party? You planet
I went to a seafood disco last week and pulled a mussel
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have greater problems
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram
What did daddy spider say to baby spider? You spend too much time on the web
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap
Why does Superman gets invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars
The shovel was a ground breaking invention
A scarecrow says, "This job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in my jeans"
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says, "Make me one with everything"
Did you hear about the guy who lost the left side of his body? He's alright now
What do you call a girl with one leg that's shorter than the other? Ilene
I did a theatrical performance on puns It was a play on words
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium
I bet the person who created the door knocker won a Nobel prize
Towels can’t tell jokes They have a dry sense of humor
Two birds are sitting on a perch and one says "Do you smell fish?"
Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it’s pretty handy
What do you call a beautiful pumpkin? GOURDgeous
Why did one banana spy on the other? Because she was appealing
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef
What do you call a cow with all of its legs? High steaks
A cross eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils
After the accident, the juggler didn’t have the balls to do it
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it
To write with a broken pencil is pointless
I read a book on anti-gravity I couldn’t put it down
I couldn’t remember how to throw a boomerang but it came back to me
What should you do if you are cold? Stand in the corner It’s 90 degrees
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it
The energizer bunny went to jail He was charged with battery
What did the alien say to the pitcher of water? Take me to your liter
What happens when you eat too many spaghettiOs? You have a vowel movement
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray was a seasoned veteran
Sausage puns are the wurst
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear
Why shouldn’t you trust atoms? They make up everything
What’s it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind, it’s too cheesy
What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales
Why can’t you take inventory in Afghanistan? Because of the tally ban
Why didn’t the lion win the race? Because he was racing a cheetah
What happens to nitrogen when the sun comes up? It becomes daytrogen
What’s it called when you put a cow in an elevator? Raising the steaks
What’s america’s favorite soda? Mini soda
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing
What kind of car does a sheep drive? Their SuBAHHru
What do you call a french pig? Porque
What do you call a line of rabbits marching backwards? A receding hairline
Why don’t vampires go to barbecues? They don’t like steak
How do trees access the internet? They log on
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives
Is your refrigerator running? Better go catch it
The future,the present and the past walked into a barThings got a little tense
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need
I just found out I'm colorblind The diagnosis came completely out of the purple
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger Then it hit me
Read enough of our funny puns, and you'll be punstoppable
Yesterday a clown held the door for me It was a nice jester
I used to go fishing with Skrillex but he kept dropping the bass
The wedding was so emotional even the cake was in tiers
What does a house wear? A dress
Why can't bicycles stand up on their own? Since they are 2 tired
I owe a lot to the sidewalks They’ve been keeping me off the streets for years
Imagine if alarm clocks hit you back in the morningIt would be truly alarming
Why is a skeleton a bad liar? You can see right through it
What do you receive when you ask a lemon for help? Lemonaid
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage Sadly, he lost his case
What does a dog say when he sits down on a piece of sandpaper? Ruff!
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080pee
At my boxing club there is only one punch bag I hate waiting for the punch line!
An untalented gymast walks into a bar
Einstein developed a theory about space, and it was about time too
I was accused of being a plagiarist, their word not mine
My friends say they don’t like skeleton puns I should put more backbone into them
Let me FILL you in on my trip to the dentist
Why does the singer of Cheap Thrills not want us to Sia?
Traveling on a flying carpet is a rugged experience
Cartoonist found dead in home Details are sketchy
The old woman who lived in a shoe wasn’t the sole owner,there were strings attached
Did you hear about the crime in the parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels
My new diet consists of aircraft, its a bit plane
Have you ever tried to milk a cow which has been cut in half? Udder madness
Why are there fences on graveyards? Because people are dying to get in
Why do trees have so many friends? They branch out
Models of dragons are not to scale
Never discuss infinity with a mathematician, they can go on about it forever
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out
Don’t trust people that do acupuncture, they’re back stabbers
A persistent banker wouldn’t stop hitting on me so I asked him to leave me a loan
I ordered a book of puns last week, but i didn't get it
People say i look better without glasses but i just can't see it
Don’t judge a meal by the look of the first course It’s very souperficial
I heard Donald Trump is going to ban shredded cheese, and make America grate again
I relish the fact that you’ve mustard the strength to ketchup to me
What do you call a young musician? A minor
Police were called to a daycare yesterday, where a 2-year-old was resisting a rest
If artists wear sketchers do linguists wear converse?
I changed my iPod name to Titanic It’s syncing now
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine
I smeared some ketchup all over my eyes once It was a bad idea in Heinz- sight
I flipped a coin over an issue the other day, it was quite the toss-up
I got hit in the head with a can of soda? Luckily it was a soft drink
I heard that the post office was a male dominated industry
Why isn’t suntanning an Olympic sport? Because the best you can ever get is bronze
What do you mean June is over? Julying
Why is Kylo Ren so angry? Beause he’s always Ben Solo
These reversing cameras are great Since I got one I haven’t looked back
The candle quit his job because he felt burned out
Our maintenance guy lost his legs on the job, now he’s just a handyman
Going to bed with music on gave him sound sleep
A magic tractor drove down the road and turned into a field!
I met some aliens from outer space They were pretty down to earth
The plane flight brought my acrophobia to new heights
My phone has to wear glasses ever since it lost its contacts
I, for one, like Roman numerals
How do mountains see? They peak
The show was called Spongebob Squarepants but everyone knows the star was Patrick
This is not alcohol, water you thinking?!
Novice pirates make terrible singers because they can’t hit the high seas
I told my friend she drew her eyebrows too high She seemed surprised
The earth's rotation really makes my day
If I buy a bigger bed will I have more or less bedroom?
Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-salted
Two ropes were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-frayed
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers
I got a master’s degree in being ignored; no one seems to care
After eating the ship, the sea monster said, I can’t believe I ate the hull thing
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot
I had a pun about insanity but then I lost it
He couldn’t work out how to fix the washing machine so he threw in the towel
Why does the man want to buy nine rackets? Cause tennis too many
Why don’t cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny
If I got paid in lots of Pennes I would make loads of pasta
I thought I saw a spider on my laptop, but my friend said it was just a bug
A doctor broke his leg while auditioning for a playLuckily he still made the cast
The tale of the haunted refrigerator was chilling
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them
If you wear cowboy clothes are you ranch dressing?
I was addicted to the hokey pokey but I turned myself around
Simba, you're falling behind I must ask you to Mufasa
I bought a wooden whistle but it wooden whistle
The bomb didn't want to go off So it refused
The sore mummy needed a Cairo-practor
I feel sorry for shopping carts They’re always getting pushed around
The display of still-life art was not at all moving!
On Halloween October is nearly Octover
Pig puns are so boaring
Why couldn’t the dead car drive into the cluttered garage? Lack of vroom
What do you call Samsung's security guards? Guardians of the Galaxy
What does Superman have in his drink? Just ice
How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together
Time flies like an arrow Fruit flies like a banana
The safe was invented by a cop and a robber It was quite a combination
What do you do when balloons are hurt? You helium
One hat says to the other, "You stay here, I’ll go on a head"
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles
When does a farmer dance? When he drops the beet
When the scientist wanted to clone a deer, he bought a doe it yourself kit
If people ask how many puns I made in Germany I reply, "nein"
Did you hear about the invention of the white board? It was remarkable
If Donald Trump becomes president, America is going toupee
Can February March? No, but April May
I hate Russian Dolls, they are so full of themselves
What do you do to an open wardrobe? You closet
The magazine about ceiling fans went out of business due to low circulation
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world!
Some aquatic mammals at the zoo escaped It was otter chaos
A backwards poem writes inverse
Getting the ability to fly would be so uplifting
I asked my friend, Nick, if he had 5 cents I could borrow But he was Nicholas
The soundtrack for Blackfish was orcastrated
Where do you imprison a skeleton? In a rib cage
There’s a fine line between the numerator and the denominator
I used to work at a hairdresser but i just wasn’t cut out for it
Why is metal and a microwave a match made in heaven? When they met, sparks flew
The lumberjack loved his new computer He especially enjoyed logging in
Garbage collectors are rubbish drivers!
When the church relocated it had an organ transplant
Lettuce take a moment to appreciate this salad pun
The scarecrow get promoted because he was outstanding in his field
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed
I never understood odorless chemicals, they never make scents
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones
Why was dumbo sad? He felt irrelephant
When a clock is hungry, it goes back four seconds
Old skiers never die They just go down hill
Did you hear about the pun that was actually funny? Neither have we
You know why I like egg puns? They crack me up!
Want to hear a pun about ghosts? That's the spirit!
I used to make clown shoes… which was no small feat
Did you hear about the human cannonball? Too bad he got fired!
What happened when the magician got mad? She pulled her hare out!
Did you hear about the circus that caught on fire? It was in tents
The one day of the week that eggs are definitely afraid of is Fry-day
A hen will always leave her house through the proper eggs-it
The man who ate too many eggs was considered to be an egg-oholic
All the hens consider the chef to be very mean because he beats the eggs
Eskimos keep all of their chilled eggs inside of the egg-loo
Under the doctor’s advice, the hen is laying off eggs for a few weeks
I had a real problem making a hard-boiled egg this morning until I cracked it
The best time of day to eat eggs is at the crack of dawn
The chicken coop only had 2 doors since if it had 4 doors it would be a sedan
Crossing a cement mixer and a chicken will result in you getting a brick layer
That reckless little egg always seems to egg-celerate when he sees the light turn yellow
Hopefully this egg pun doesn't make your brain too fried or scrambled
Don't ever have multiple people wash dishes together It's hard for them to stay in sink
People using umbrellas always seem to be under the weather
I dissected an iris today It was an eye-opening experience
What was Forrest Gump’s email password? 1forrest1
What planet is like a circus? Saturn, it has three rings!
Before my father died he worked in a circus as a stilt walker I used to look up to him
Why did the lion eat the tightrope walker? He wanted a well-balanced meal!
I really look up to my tall friends
I hate negative numbers and will stop at nothing to avoid them
Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon
It takes guts to make a sausage
Why shouldn’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she’ll “Let It Go”!
What do you call cheese that’s not yours? Nacho cheese!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it
What do you get when a witch goes to the beach? A sand-witch!
Where do cows go on Friday nights? To the mooooo-vies!
What did the mommy tomato say to the baby tomato? C’mon, ketchup!
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because he wasn’t “peeling” well!
What did one snowman say to the other? Do you smell carrots?
Why didn’t the skeleton go to the dance? Because he had no body to go with!
What is a pirate’s favorite letter? Arrrrrr!
What does a piece of toast wear to bed? His pa-JAM-as!
What does one eye say to the other eye? Something between us smells
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide!
What happens when an egg laughs? It cracks up!
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
Why didn’t the teddy bear want dessert? Because he was stuffed!
Why can’t you tell a joke while ice skating? Because the ice might crack up!
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
What’s mommy and daddy’s favorite ride at the carnival? A married-go-round!
How did Cookie Monster feel after eating all the cookies? Pretty crummy!
What do you call a skunk who flies in a helicopter? A smelly-copter!
What do you get when you shake a cow? A milkshake!
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb up a tree and act like a nut!
Why did the bee get married? Because she found her honey!
What did the ocean say to their airplane? Nothing, it just waved!
Where do eskimo pigs live? In pig-loos
What’s a dinosaur called when it’s sleeping? A dino-snore!
What did the cookie say to the annoying cookie? Crumb on!
Why did Mickey Mouse go up in space? To find Pluto!
What does Olaf eat for lunch? Icebergers!
What letter is always wet? The C!
How do you throw a space party? You planet
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars
Nope Unintended
The shovel was a ground breaking invention, but everyone was blow away by the leaf blower
A scarecrow says, "This job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in my jeans"
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says "Make me one with everything"
Did you hear about the guy who lost the left side of his body? He's alright now
What do you call a girl with one leg that's shorter than the other? Ilene
The broom swept the nation away
I did a theatrical performance on puns It was a play on words
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back for seconds
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium
I bet the person who created the door knocker won a Nobel prize
Towels can’t tell jokes They have a dry sense of humor
Two birds are sitting on a perch and one says “Do you smell fish?”
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in france? There was nothing but des brie
Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it’s pretty handy
What do you call a beautiful pumpkin? GOURDgeous
Why did one banana spy on the other? Because she was appealing
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef
What do you call a cow with all of its legs? High steaks
A cross eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils
After the accident, the juggler didn’t have the balls to do it
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it
To write with a broken pencil is pointless
I read a book on anti-gravity I couldn’t put it down
I couldn’t remember how to throw a boomerang but it came back to me
What did the buffalo say to his son? Bison
What should you do if you’re cold? Stand in the corner It’s 90 degrees
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it
The energizer bunny went to jail He was charged with battery
What did the alien say to the pitcher of water? Take me to your liter
What happens when you eat too many spaghettiOs? You have a vowel movement
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray was a seasoned veteran
Sausage puns are the wurst
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear
How did Darth Vader know what luke was getting him for his birthday? He could sense his presence
Why shouldn’t you trust atoms? They make up everything
What’s the difference between a bench, a fish, and a bucket of glue? You can’t tune a bench but you can tuna fish I bet you got stuck on the bucket of glue part
What’s it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind, it’s too cheesy
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales
Why can’t you take inventory in Afghanistan? Because of the tally ban
Why didn’t the lion win the race? Because he was racing a cheetah
Why did the man dig a hole in his neighbor’s backyard and fill it with water? Because he meant well
What happens to nitrogen when the sun comes up? It becomes daytrogen
What’s it called when you put a cow in an elevator? Raising the steaks
What’s america’s favorite soda? Mini soda
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing
I went for my run and I really wanted to go all out and burn as many calories as I could. So after the first mile I set a fat kid on fire
For some reason the 2 4 6 and 8 buttons don't work on my phone. It's very odd
My Chinese friend died recently. So Yung
What do you call a duck addicted to drugs? A quackhead
A man walks into a bar...and stays there my entire childhood
I don't know what shocked my mailman more. The fact that I answered the door naked or the fact that I knew where he lived
If I could have sex with someone living or dead...I'd choose living
I haven't owned a watch in I don't know how long
I buy all my handguns from a T-Rex. He's a great small arms dealer
What do you call a blind dinosaur? Doouthinkhesaurus
What do you do if you're attacked by a group of clowns? Go for the juggler
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Why can't T-rexes clap their hands? Because they're extinct
I asked my wife if I was the only one she'd ever been with. She said 'Yes. All my other boyfriends were at least 7's'
No matter how kind you are...German children are kinder
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bike? Attire
I heard a rumor my boss is going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch it'll be me
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head. I'll give these two a lift
Did you see the movie about Maple Syrup? It has a sappy ending
A bear walks into a restaurant and says 'I would like a grilled...cheese.' The waitress replies 'Why the big paws?'
How does Noah make coffee? Hebrews it
Just found out I'm color blind. That diagnosis came totally out of the purple
I have a horrible fear of elevators but I'm taking steps to fix it
My friends say I'm a genius but that's not really true. I don't have friends
Why couldn't the bike stand on its own? It was two-tired
I was in my garage when a paint can fell on my head. I've only got my shelf to blame
In kindergarten they only taught me 25 letters in the alphabet. I don't know why
What do you call two barracuda fish? A Pairacuda!
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno-they're just a bit shady.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket
Why was the cookie crying? It was feeling crumby
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once. I don't know what he laced them with but I was tripping all day.
What do you call an old snowman? Water
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing 'I'm A Believer'... Then I saw her face'
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says: ‘First offender?’ She says: ‘No first a Gibson! Then a Fender!’
I have an issue shredding cheese. I think I have grater problems
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field
I was going to tell you a joke about Sodium but then I thought 'Na'
How did the barber win the race? He took a short cut
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there’s a Shortstop in between
I told the doctor I thought I had broken my arm in several places. He said 'Well stop going to those places'
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them
Why do bears have thick coats? Fur protection
I used to work at a calendar factory but they fired me because I took a couple days off
Why didn't the orange win the race? It ran out of juice
Need to build an ark? I Noah guy
A good steak pun is a rare medium well done
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour
Archaeology is really a career in ruins
To be Frank... I'd have to change my name
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned
A magician was driving down the street and turned into a driveway
I just started a new job in Seoul. I hope it is a good Korea move
Why did the janitor get fired after he developed a speech impediment? He couldn't sweep
How does a bro chop down a tree? With a sahhhh dah
I weasel walks into a bar and the bartender asks what he wants to drink. 'Pop' goes the weasel
My wife threatened to leave me because of my obsession with changing clothes. I said 'Wait. I can change'
I can't believe viruses and bacteria would invade my body without asking. It makes me sick
A buddy of mine is giving away dead batteries. Free of charge
I started reading a thesaurus because the mind is a terrible thing to garbage
I have this talent where I can identify what is in a wrapped package. It's a gift
Yesterday I gave up my seat on the bus to a blind person. Today I lost my job as a bus driver
Is it just me or are circles pointless?
My doctor said I might die because I ate a bunch of clay. I'm shitting bricks
What do you call a bee from America? A USB
My girlfriend broke up with me while I was in the bathroom constipated. It was the hardest dump I ever took
My doctor told me I was going deaf. I haven't heard from him since